Improve samples in EG (#16821)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/README.md

These code samples show common champion scenario operations with the Azure Event Grid client library.

> * Publish Custom Events to a topic: [sample_publish_custom_events_to_a_topic.py][python-eg-sample-customevent]
> * Publish Custom events to a domain topic: [sample_publish_custom_events_to_a_domain_topic.py][python-eg-sample-customevent-to-domain]

Reviewer: I think these two may have been renamed/changed/removed since EG no longer has a CustomEvent class?
```suggestion
* Publish EventGrid Events to a topic: [sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_topic.py][python-eg-sample-egevent]
* Publish EventGrid Events to a domain: [sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_domain.py][python-eg-sample-egevent-to-domain]
```

[azure_core_ref_docs]: https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/core/docs
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free/

> [python-eg-sample-customevent]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/samples/sync_samples/sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_topic.py
> [python-eg-sample-customevent-to-domain]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/samples/sync_samples/sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_domain.py

Reviewer: update link name based on above (not strictly necessary to change these link names, but just for consistency):
```suggestion
[python-eg-sample-egevent]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/samples/sync_samples/sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_topic.py
[python-eg-sample-egevent-to-domain]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/samples/sync_samples/sample_publish_eg_events_to_a_domain.py
```
